This file is part of the Object to Coff (O2C) package!
------------------------------------------------------


Legal Stuff
===========

The Object to Coff converter and information attached hereto, hereafter
"O2C", is the property of Richard Spijkers. Read the terms and
conditions of this agreement carefully before using the software. If you
for any reason, whatsoever, cannot accept the conditions in this
agreement, you are not permitted to use O2C.

You may freely distribute and copy O2C and programs that are linked
with it in a non-commercial environment provided that NO payment of any
kind is charged for O2C or any combination of products or services
including O2C without the authorization of the author Richard Spijkers
and official written license and the distribution archive of O2C
contains unmodified copies of the original files as produced by
Richard Spijkers.

Definition of "non-commercial distribution and use":

þ Not using in a commercial environment, such as business, governmental
  organization, association, school, foundation, or any other form of
  juridical person, or any system where O2C is directly or
  indirectly used to make profit.

þ Copying the software on diskettes and/or on tape-storages and handling
  it over from one person to another without any payment.

þ Allowing the download of the software through a private Bulletin Board
  System without additional charges.
  (Pay Bulletin Board Systems may, however, charge their normal fee
   provided that no additional charge for O2C is levied.)

Commercial use, especially the industrial manufacturing on any data
storage media and their distribution without the expressed permission
of the producer, is strictly prohibited. No part of O2C (or programs
linked with O2C) may be modified, altered, reverse engineered, sold, or
distributed in any form whatsoever which would involve some sort of
trade without prior written permission from Richard Spijkers.

*** THIS INCLUDES THE DISTRIBUTION ON SHAREWARE AND OTHER        ***
*** CD-ROMS, YOU MAY NOT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES DISTRIBUTE THIS ***
*** PRODUCTION ON A CD-ROM WITHOUT A PRIOR WRITTEN PERMISSION!   ***

This production is provided "as is", without warranty of any kind or
fitness for a particular purpose, either expressed or implied, all of
are hereby explicitly disclaimed. Richard Spijkers only guarantees that
this production will occupy disk space.

In no way Richard Spijkers or other members of SPiRiT, can be made
liable for any damages that are caused by O2C. You are using
O2C at your own risk!


